Adding Phoca Cart integration. (#1464)
btcpayserver/btcpayserver-doc: docs/PhocaCart.md

# Phoca Cart integration for Joomla 4 and 5

:::warning

> Please be aware that this integration is not maintained by the BTCPay Server team. If you have any questions, please go to their GitHub issues and contact them directly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please be aware that this integration is not maintained by the BTCPay Server team. If you have any questions, please go to their [GitHub issues](https://github.com/Jacquesvw/PhocaCart-BtcpayServer-Plugin/issues) to report a problem or get support.
```
